Introduce `--redirect-stdout` and `--redirect-stderr` CLI options to redirect STDOUT and STDERR (#3637)
junit-team/junit5: documentation/src/docs/asciidoc/user-guide/running-tests.adoc

Since version 1.3, the JUnit Platform provides opt-in support for capturing output
printed to `System.out` and `System.err`. To enable it, set the
`junit.platform.output.capture.stdout` and/or `junit.platform.output.capture.stderr`

> <<running-tests-config-params, configuration parameter>> to `true`. And since version 5.11

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<<running-tests-config-params, configuration parameter>> to `true`. And since version 1.12
```
